Date: June 29, 2026To: Diego (whatís your last name?)From: Rosa LamelaCC: Maru Urban Subject: Initial thoughts on home page	First, THANK YOU, Diego for taking on the critically important task of modernizing the Coconut Grove Sailing Club Instructional Center website. Itís about 13 years overdue. At first glance, the home page looks crisp, fresh and reader friendly Å already a massive improvement. Upon closer review, the page showcases where Maru wants to take the program Øas a premier sailing academy,Æ however it doesnít mention anywhere that we are a 501 c(3) nonprofit organization. The main page serves as the first entry point for potential donors and funders evaluating whether to support our organization so itís vital we highlight this important fact. I recommend a simple restructure of the main page so that it gives equal weight to our vision as the premier sailing center on Biscayne Bay as well as our community impact as an NPO. Suggested order would be as follows:I. Page Headline: Make Coconut Grove Sailing Club Instructional Center the star of the page Å followed by ØBiscayne Bayís Premier Sailing CenterÆ. FYI, Iím not very keen on the word ØAcademyÆ because it makes us look like a for-profit business rather than a 501 c(3). II. Å Programs: * Youth Sailing (replaces Camps & Coaching) Å year-round training and seasonal camps. Mention of private coaching here is not appropriate; move to Racing Teams section. * Racing Teams, The New or Next Chapter Å The competitive pipelineè.* Adult Sailing Å ØGet on the waterèÆo Iíd remove the word ØProgramÆ from each box, seems redundant since its under Programs section already. III. Å The Pathway Å Junior Competitive Racing Å We need to clearly demarcate that this is for youth racers only, and not for adults. Without this distinction, prospective adults may get turned off or confused. IV - Mission Å need to touch this up a bit but I can work on that.IV. Å Leadership (Replaces Coaches): Maru, myself and Lauren only. Keep ØMeet the full teamÆ link. Titles only suffice on the main page. Weíll brag about Maru and our coaching staff in the racing team section. The main page isnít the place for this.   V. - About Å Looks good. IV. Å Whatís on the Dock Å Recent Happenings and On the Horizon VI. Å Get in touch with us Å no mention of response timeframe, pleaseVII. Stay in the Loop with the Instructional Center Å email Sign Up.  Modifying the Navigation Bar: At the top of the page we need the following menu:* Home > About Us > Programs > Youth Regattas > Calendar > Giving > Contact* I always find useful a menu that takes you back to the home page. The current navigation bar doesnít have. * Additionally, we host several major youth regattas each year where I like to highlight sponsors, regatta logistics, as well as links to photos and results.  * GIVING!!! This needs to show up in every single page.  Diego, we will be working with Bloomerang to set up a proper donation page. More info to come on this.Webpage Footer:* Make sure it has the same menu links as the navigation bar at the top of the page* We donít have a you tube page, just Face Book and Instagram* I would add a Useful Links option pointing to Vakaros, NOBs, US Sailing* We also need the legal verbiage about being a non profit organization Å I need to provide that for you.   Interpretation of Rosa Notes HOMEPAGE: Balance it out where it is not all racing racing racing but make it crystal clear that we are a 501-c3 non-profit- Just put Rosela, Lauren, and Maru on itDONATE EVERYWHERE: Make swapping images criticalRosela:Having a proper giving donation page is uber critical Put on the navigation bar something about regattas so that they can host stuff and NEED TO LINK IN THE FOOTER for the actual yacht club site